- [Instructor] Before we dive into the course material,
let's talk a little bit about who this course is for,
and what information you should know ahead of time.
This course will benefit developers
who would like to build or are building solutions
centered around APIs.
Developers will learn a design-first API approach
to API development using Swagger.
Swagger helps us design, build, and document APIs
that are easier for clients to adopt and consume.
It also helps us build APIs faster.
In addition to API developers,
consumers of APIs can benefit from the information provided
regarding API documentation.
This information found in the course
makes it easier for API consumers to integrate with APIs
documented using Swagger.
In general, this course will provide insights
into how APIs are designed, built and documented.
Additionally, you'll get a peek
at some emerging technologies in the API space.
By the end of the course, you'll be better prepared
to build systems architected with APIs.
Finally, let's discuss what you should know in advance
to get the most out of this course.
The course will teach you how to work with Swagger
and the open API specification
along with some other tools in the API space.
The course should not be mistaken for an exhaustive course
on every technology involved such as REST, YAML and JSON.
You will be expected to understand these technologies
prior to starting the course.
The course project covers a lot of ground,
and it's pretty advanced,
so you can choose to follow along in the final chapter,
or just observe
as I walk you through the various technologies.
Either way, you will take a lot of valuable information
regarding APIs and tools in the API space
away from the course.
In the project, we build sample applications
created with Angular and Spring.
So if you choose to code along with me,
understanding Java and Node.js is also helpful.
If you understand these concepts,
you'll do fine throughout the course,
and I'll be there to guide you through every step.